MIRuuuuuu festive
the light shining so bright
Just don't sleep still
I'm glad you're chasing me and selling me.
Okay, I like it.
I'm a pervert, and I don't sell even if you buy me a little octopus.
I like your fashion. You can sell it, but you're a mayor.
I can't sell even if you ask me for the first question.
How much are you going to buy?
Hey, don't say anything about the destination.
Please pay me 240 pieces of money to fix this leather bag.
What? 200?
Hey, hey, don't say anything.
Go away.
I've been staring at you since the beginning.
Don't make fun of people.
I thought you were going to praise me, but you're a pervert.
You're a pervert.
You're wasting your time on something you don't need.
If you don't mind, I'm sorry.
But I really want that horse.
If you don't mind, I'll definitely deliver it.
You're a pervert.
I'm sorry.
Shut up.
You're a pervert.
I'm sorry.
I'll show you how to make it.
What?
I'm sorry.
I finally showed you the real thing.
I want this horse.
What the hell?
Hey, everyone.
I'm a thief.
And I'm waiting for you.
I'm waiting for you.
If you don't mind, I'll definitely deliver it.
The river flows with blood.
The young people dance.
They don't even bend over the rock.
The river flows with blood.
The young people dance.